With this being our last assessment of the semester, overall, I feel that I would not be entirely comfortable answering questions like these in job interviews when put on the spot. However, these assessments have made it much easier for me to get to a point where I do believe in the near future I will be able to answer job interview questions like this on the spot.  I found these to be much more useful than a regual test or quiz because I feel like I'm being tested on my actual knowledge of a given subject, rather than being tested on my ability to memorize. These assessements have given me a much better understanding of what to expect in a job interview in the future and I feel that is much more valuable than anything that I could have gotten out of a traditional test or quiz.

One tool that I think I will find most beneficial for myself moving forward is prettier. Prettier is a code formatter that is used to ensure that code is correctly formatted. I find this to be really important because I do often times find myself making errors that could be simple fixes yet I struggle to find where the error is located. Prettier would help me in those situations where I simply forgot a semi-colon or am missing a closing parenthesis. 

The waterfall method is the idea of creating a project in one long go while the agile method focuses on creating a project in a series of smaller interations over time. In creating the tic-tac-toe game, we used more of the waterfall methodology. We started by gathering the requirements of the project. When we knew our requirements, we sat down, drew a grid, discussed colors and layout, and created a rough sketch on lined paper. We then discussed and wrote out of paper how we could build each feature required by the program and discussed who would work on what part of the project and when. We finished by following our schedules and creating each part of the project until we had tested everything and concluded our satisfaction with what we had built.