As the tools and techniques for web development have changed and will continue to change over the years, I plan to keep up with these changes by following forums and keeping up with those highly involved in the industry. I also plan to continue using codecademy to learn the new or updated tools. I can look for these changes on MDN or on W3C. caniuse.com will also be a great resource for finding out if my current tools are outdate or if newer tools are supported enough to the point that they will be viable to use. 

Floats are limited in their uses for layouts. For instance, it is not possible to center align an element vertically using floats without using very complex math to find the correct position. Floats also require a lot of hacks and work arounds to get them to function properly for layout due to them not functioning within the normal flow of the page. For instance, say you have a floated element and then another element that you want to be displayed below. Because the floated element does not opperate within the normal flow of the webpage and thus does not contribute to the height of the webpage, the element intended to display underneath will instead appear underneath the floated element and will require the `clear` property in order to display properly.

The flex property, `justify-content`, will affect the alignment along the main axis. `justify-contents` by default will be used to align items to the the start of the flex item (by default, the right side of the page), the end of the flex item (by default, the left side of the page), or the center of the flex item. Items can also be aligned by the space between or around them. The `justify-contents` property will align items horizontally by default, however, changing the flex direction to column will make it so the `justify-contents` property will align items along the vertical axis instead.