It is important that HTML is an open standard controlled by a specification rather than being owned by a person or company because it allows the web to be accessible to all. With one person or a company controlling the web, they would be allowed to put the entirety of the web behind a paywall, restricting access to such a wonderful and an extremely important tool. They would also be able to decide to just pull the plug and stop the web from existing in its entirety should they decide that it is no longer worth their time. Having HTML be an open standard allows for anyone to be able to build their own website whenever they please and allows for greater and faster innovation.

Tags are the written text that are written in source code that instruct the browser on how to create an element on a website. An example of this would be the `<title>` tag which instructs the browser on what text to put on the tab at the top of the browser for that website. Elements on the other hand, are the pieces created by the browser using the instructions from the tags in the source code. Elements include everything from the opening tag to the closing tag to all the content in between. For example, a body element would look something like `<body><p>This is the body of my page</p></body>`.

In the lecture, the quotes "The greatest teacher, failure is." from Yoda and "Colorless green ideas sleep furiously." from Noam Chomsky were used to explain syntax and semantics. Yoda's quote was used to explain the idea of syntax. While Yoda did not follow the rules of the English language in the way he spoke, his meaning was still communicated and understood. Noam Chomsky's quote was used to explain semantics. Noam Chomsky did not break any rules of the English language yet, his sentence had no real meaning, or at least, not one that was communicated properly and understandable to anyone. How this applies to HTML is that an error in how something is said can easily be spotted and corrected, if not by us, by special tools or by having a fellow programmer check your work. However, there is not a good way out there to help spot errors in semantics. If the language cannot understand what you were at least attempting to communicate, it cannot help you spot your error. If a fellow programmer cannot understand what you were trying to communicate, he or she cannot help you either. No one is able to assist you in semantics other than yourself. 
