Write your answers to the first week's assessment in this file. If you want to add [Markdown formatting](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), double check it in the Preview tab before submitting.

In my own personal opinion, the most important topic we touched on this week would have to be our reasoning for learning JavaScript first. I had always known JavaScript to be a well-known and widely used programming language but I never truly understood why that was. Learning about how versatile the language is and getting to understand how many opportunities would be opened should I learn the language really opened my eyes to why we should know it. While I certainly found other subjects such as understanding binary to be very intriguing and important to understand, I felt that at this point in time, understanding the reasoning as to why we would be focusing on our first programming language first felt much more important. Touching on this subject really helped to expand my interest in learning the language and I feel that I would have felt less excitement about learning JavaScript had it not been explained why we would be learning it first.

Low level programming languages, such as binary, work at a level that is closer to direct instructions for the machine to understand and process while higher level programming languages, such as JavaScript, use language that is much closer to the English language. Higher level programming languages use the concept of abstraction, that is, the process of hiding the unnecessary details, that will use the programmer's inputs and break them down for the programmer into instructions that the machine will be able to process and understand. 

JavaScript was designed with the intention to be flexible with values and types. This feature of JavaScript can lend itself to being both very useful to the programmer as well as being equally as frustrating. When looking at the pros to the flexibility of JavaScript, it can be extremely beneficial in situations in which the user inputs a piece of data that may be sent in as a string that needs to be interpreted as a number. In JavaScript, the language can detect that input and automatically convert the string into a number without the programmer having to do the conversions his or herself. However, this can prove to be frustrating in some situations as new programmers may become accustom to this level of flexibility and struggle without it when jumping to other programming languages. This can also be frustrating for programmers in situations where a chunk of code is not working as intended and the error is not immediately noticeable as JavaScript does not alert the programmer to the value type error. 
