In the past 2 weeks, I have come to realize that my biggest challenge that I will have to overcome throughout this program will be understanding that I need to use resources outside of the notes from a slide show that we are given over a zoom meeting. I need to understand that I will need to put some effort in to talk with my classmates when I am stuck, find resources online to teach me pieces of code that I may have never worked with before, and try to teach myself new things and experiment more. This is a whole new learning style for me and is one that will take time to adjust to. However, by creating an agenda for everything I need to do for the day and pushing myself early on to talk with the people in my group when I am stuck, I know I can overcome these challenges. With that, I will also push myself to create more personal projects outside of the ones we work on in class so that I can force myself into situations where I need to teach myself something new and experiment with the new material I have taught myself. 

The for loop, while loop, and do-while loop, are 3 different variations of the same concept a looping structure that are structured slightly different from one another and are used for different purposes. A for loop is by far the most common type of loop in JavaScript. A for loop is declared by using the for function and will then need a counter with a starting value, a condition for when the loop will end, and a modification to the counter that will occur each cycle, all enclosed within the parenthesis for the statement. While loops are similar to a for loop however can be a little more flexible based on the way it is structured. A while loop only needs a condition that tells it when to start running and does not require a counter or an ending value. This can be useful in situations that one may want an infinite loop that will only be terminated by user input. The flexibility of the while loop can be helpful although it can also cause many problems, sometimes being difficult to work with. For the reason, for loops are more preferable in situations that they can be utilized. The do-while loop is a modification to the while loop. A do-while loop will run a block of code one time before checking whether any conditions are true or not. If the conditions are true, then the loop will continue to be executed as long as the stated conditions remain true. The biggest difference to note between a while a do-while loop is that a do-while loop will execute a block of code at least one time no matter what, a while loop will only begin executing a block of code if the stated conditions are true. 

Throughout these two weeks, we have learned to split our problem solving into two parts: writing out the solution in pseudocode, then translating the solution into JavaScript. This is an important practice to get into early on since in the professional world, we will more than likely be working in a team to create our programs and it is important that the other programmers working with us are able to understand what a chunk of code that we have written does in order to avoid confusion and clashes. This also applies to our own personal projects where we might need to look back at an older project in order to remember how to do something.  Making comments helps us to remember what we did and why we did it, making a chunk of code more applicable to other programs we may be creating. Most importantly though, writing the solution in English before translating to code will often make the process of translating to code much simpler. By writing out what needs to happen in English first, it helps us to break down step by step what we need to do. This will also help us to avoid programming by chance or getting the answer by accident, ultimately helping us in the long run as we will be able to recreate what we did in that block of code into a similar block of code in the future.
